kgo: add guide for customizing cluster CA (#8386)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway-operator/production/certificates/custom_ca.md

---
title: Custom CA Certificates
---

> {{ site.kgo_product_name }} uses a CA certificate to sign the certificates used by the `ControlPlane` and `DataPlane` components (e.g. for securing Kong's Admin API).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ site.kgo_product_name }} uses a CA certificate to sign the certificates used by the `ControlPlane` and `DataPlane` components (for example, for securing Kong's Admin API).
```

> This CA certificate is being retrieved from a Kubernetes Secret as configured via `--cluster-ca-secret` and `--cluster-ca-secret-namespace` flags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This CA certificate is retrieved from a Kubernetes Secret as configured via `--cluster-ca-secret` and `--cluster-ca-secret-namespace` flags.
```

By default, the operator uses a self-signed CA certificate generated during the startup process.
However, you can provide your own CA certificate to the operator by creating a Kubernetes `Secret` with the CA certificate.

## Create a Kubernetes Secret

> In order to provide your own CA certificate to the operator, you need to create a Kubernetes `Secret` containing the CA certificate and key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To provide your own CA certificate to the operator, you need to create a Kubernetes `Secret` containing the CA certificate and key.
```

This `Secret` has to contain the following fields:

- `tls.crt`: The CA certificate
- `tls.key`: The private key of the CA certificate

{% if_version gte: 1.5.x %}
### Configure the private key algorithm

> You can also specify the private key algorithm used to sign the certificates by using the `--cluster-ca-key-type` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify the private key algorithm used to sign the certificates with the `--cluster-ca-key-type` flag.
```

It currently supports the following values:

- `ecdsa`
- `rsa`

> When this flag is set to `rsa` you can also set the `--cluster-ca-key-size` flag to specify the size of the RSA key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this flag is set to `rsa`, you can also set the `--cluster-ca-key-size` flag to specify the size of the RSA key.
```

{% endif_version %}

### Supported private key algorithms

> Operator supports the following private key algorithms which can be used to sign the certificates:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operator supports the following private key algorithms, which can be used to sign the certificates:
```

> - ECDSA: when this algorithm is used, operator will use the [`ECDSAWithSHA256`][gopkg_ecdsa_sha256]
>   signature algorithm to sign the certificates.
> {% if_version gte: 1.5.x %}
> - RSA: when this algorithm is used, operator will use the [`SHA256WithRSA`][gopkg_rsa_sha256] signature algorithm to sign the certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ECDSA: When this algorithm is used, Operator will use the [`ECDSAWithSHA256`][gopkg_ecdsa_sha256]
  signature algorithm to sign the certificates.
{% if_version gte: 1.5.x %}
- RSA: When this algorithm is used, Operator will use the [`SHA256WithRSA`][gopkg_rsa_sha256] signature algorithm to sign the certificates.
```
